Improve the UX feedback system

Correct the time zone settings

What do you do when no more volunteers are needed?
	Email admin?
	Stop allowing users to sign up

Admin page action ideas:
	Email event ad - for users who are not signed up
	Email event reminder - for users who are signed up

When a user signs up, give them the option to send in a note.
This could be useful if an event requires different types of volunteers, and the user would like to sign up for a specific type of job.

Add a mandatory short description field to events so they are easier to list and display, as well as search. We could put keywords in the
short description field. Alternatively, the title might be a good enough short description since most staff will know what the event is just
by looking at the title.

Redirect logged in users at / to /{{ user profile }}  -global intranet profile
	Will have chaperone info such as current events, events remaining, etc...
	General user bio

Custom layout JS Widget for user profile

Add event search filtering criteria for the event index page
	+ Expired/not expired
	+ By year

On event page, show the user his/her current events, and how many he/she still needs

Drop the admin interface and replace it with custom pages for more fine tuned functionality

Sort the event index page the way the user wants (date published, date of event, ascending, descending, etc...)

Have an interface where the user can search events by categories organized by years

Make the user profile page more lively.
	Add profile pictures

Monthly cron job that will remind users of their yearly chaperone obligations

Weekly cron job that reminds users of events that they've already signed up for 

Daily cron job that reminds users of events that they've signed up for starting two days before the event

Cron job alerts - email/text/call ? combination?

Bash installation script for the intranet, installs dependencies, pulls code from github, apache, mod_wsgi, django, markdown, django_auth_ldap, bootstrap, server settings, etc
	* "A developer's job is to put himself/herself out of work"

Future app ideas? Make sure there's room for future expansion

On the "sign someone up" form on the eventPage, add a search feature. There will be a lot of teachers and it will be a hassle to go down the list until you find the right one.
Or at least alphabetize the users by last name, and remove the users that are already signed up from the list.

BUG: When a user registers for an event, their eventsNeeded field should decrease by 1.
	Inversely, when the deregister, their eventsNeeded field should increase by 1

Have django keep track of who is a Faculty member, member of ou=faculty,ou=Staff
either by seeing if they are in the OU or creating a security group for them. Bug them about
chaperone events only if they are faculty. Make sure this is able to be modified by an tech admin
- bool

GCalendar?

4 chaperone events for every teacher per year

Save or Email and Save
	Will require an admin page independent sign up form
	
On create event page, add inline events so you can add several at a time and save and send an email all at once

Emailing users and event administrators

User reports
	All users
	Individual users (search)?

Separate permissions into
	User can sign up
	User can deregister
